[EDU-4044] add polyfills guide (#759)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/cli/cli-vulcan-use-polyfills.mdx

```

3. Choose the JavaScript template: 

```sh 
Getting templates available? Choose a template for your project: (Use arrow keys)
 >Javascript
  Angular 
  Astro 
  Hexo 
  Next 
  React 
  Vue 
  Vite 
```

4. Enter `y` to start a local development server. 

5. Enter `y` to install project dependencies.  

6. Choose a package manager.

7. Access the port that was returned in the terminal. Example:

```bash 
[Vulcan] [Server] › ✔  success   Function running on port 0.0.0.0:3000, url: http://localhost:3000
``` 

8. Go back to the terminal and terminate the process.

9. Access your project: 

```bash
cd polyfills-guide
```

10. Create the `vulcan.config.js` file and paste the following properties:

```js title="polyfills-guide/vulcan.config.js"
module.exports = {
  entry: 'main.js',
  builder: 'webpack',
  useNodePolyfills: true,
};
```

:::note
- **entry**: represents the primary entry point for your application where the build process begins. Not applicable for Jamstack solutions.
- **builder**: defines the build tool to use, either `esbuild` or `webpack`.
- **useNodePolyfills**: specifies whether Node.js polyfills should be applied.
:::

> 11. After applying these settings, you can import the necessary APIs into your project. This example uses the Node.js Buffer API:
> 
> **Inside main.js**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. After applying these settings, you can import the necessary APIs into your project. This example uses the Node.js Buffer API inside `main.js`:
```

---
title: How to resolve Node.js APIs through polyfills
description: Learn how to configure and use Node.js APIs through polyfills.
meta_tags: web frameworks, development, developer experience
namespace: documentation_cli_guide_polyfill
menu_namespace: cliMenuAlpha
og_image: ''
permalink: /documentation/devtools/guides/cli/use-polyfills/
---

> Through [Azion CLI](/en/documentation/products/azion-cli/overview/), you can initialize an application based on starter templates or link an existing project. The list of web frameworks englobe frameworks like Next.js, React, Vue, Angular, Astro, JavaScript itself, and others. These JavaScript frameworks run at Azion's edge, on top of [Azion Edge Runtime](/en/documentation/devtools/runtime/overview/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Through [Azion CLI](/en/documentation/products/azion-cli/overview/), you can initialize an application based on starter templates or link an existing project. The list of supported web frameworks includes Next.js, React, Vue, Angular, Astro, JavaScript itself, and others. These JavaScript frameworks run at Azion's edge, on top of [Azion Edge Runtime](/en/documentation/devtools/runtime/overview/).
```

> The projects that use these frameworks usually make use of Node.js APIs. Through the Azion build process, carried by [Vulcan](https://github.com/aziontech/vulcan), these APIs are resolved through the use of *polyfills*. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The projects built with these frameworks typically use Node.js APIs. Through the Azion build process, carried by [Vulcan](https://github.com/aziontech/vulcan), these APIs are resolved through the use of *polyfills*. 
```

> This guide will show how to use Node.js Buffer API through polyfills in a JavaScript project at Azion by using Azion CLI and Vulcan.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This guide will show how to use Node.js Buffer API through polyfills in a JavaScript project by using Azion CLI and Vulcan.
```

---

## Requirements

Before getting started, you must have:

- An [Azion platform account](/en/documentation/products/accounts/creating-account/) with [Edge Functions](/en/documentation/products/build/edge-application/edge-functions/) enabled.
- [The latest version of Azion CLI installed](/en/documentation/products/azion-cli/overview/).

> - Code editor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A code editor installed.
```

- Access to the terminal.
- Node.js ≥ 18.

---

## Initializing a Next project on the edge

1. On the terminal, initialize the project:

```sh 
  azion init
```

2. Enter the name `polyfills-guide`:

```sh 

> Your application s name:  (glorious-curiosity) polyfills-guide

Reviewer 2: o s foi um typo?

> Your application s name:  (glorious-curiosity) polyfills-guide

Author: ```suggestion
Your application's name:  (glorious-curiosity) polyfills-guide
```

```

3. Choose the JavaScript template: 

```sh 
Getting templates available? Choose a template for your project: (Use arrow keys)
 >Javascript
  Angular 
  Astro 
  Hexo 
  Next 
  React 
  Vue 
  Vite 
```

4. Enter `y` to start a local development server. 

5. Enter `y` to install project dependencies.  

6. Choose a package manager.

7. Access the port that was returned in the terminal. Example:

```bash 
[Vulcan] [Server] › ✔  success   Function running on port 0.0.0.0:3000, url: http://localhost:3000
``` 

> 8. Go back to the terminal and terminate the process.

Reviewer 2: Talvez aqui poderia separa como uma nova etapa.
"Uma vez completada essa primeira etapa, agora vá no terminal e siga esses passos para finalizar o processo: "

9. Access your project: 

```bash
cd polyfills-guide
```

10. Create the `vulcan.config.js` file and paste the following properties:

```js title="polyfills-guide/vulcan.config.js"
module.exports = {
  entry: 'main.js',
  builder: 'webpack',
  useNodePolyfills: true,
};
```

:::note
- **entry**: represents the primary entry point for your application where the build process begins. Not applicable for Jamstack solutions.
- **builder**: defines the build tool to use, either `esbuild` or `webpack`.
- **useNodePolyfills**: specifies whether Node.js polyfills should be applied.
:::

> 11. After applying these settings, you can import the necessary APIs into your project. In this example, we're using Node.js Buffer API:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
11. After applying these settings, you can import the necessary APIs into your project. This example uses the Node.js Buffer API:
```

// Import the Buffer class from the 'buffer' module in Node.js
import { Buffer } from 'node:buffer';

// Define a function named 'myWorker' that takes an event as an argument
export default function myWorker(event) {
  // Create a new Buffer instance 'buf1' from the string "x"
  var buf1 = Buffer.from("x");
  // Create a new Buffer instance 'buf2' from the string "x"
  var buf2 = Buffer.from("x");
  // Compare 'buf1' and 'buf2' using the Buffer.compare method,
  // which returns a number indicating the equality of the buffers
  var a = Buffer.compare(buf1, buf2);

  // The result will be 0 since both buffers are equal
  console.log(a);

  // Now, let's swap the values of 'buf1' and 'buf2'
  buf1 = Buffer.from("y");
  buf2 = Buffer.from("x");
  // Compare 'buf1' and 'buf2' again
  a = Buffer.compare(buf1, buf2);

  // Here, the result will be 1
  console.log(a);

  // The function returns a new Response object with the string "Testing buffer polyfills"
  return new Response("Testing polyfills");
}
```

12. Run the project locally by running: 

```bash 
azion dev
```

Now you can check the logs in the terminal and see the Buffer API working through polyfills. 

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

:::tip

> You can access a list of APIs that are resolved through polyfills by Vulcan build on [Vulcan's repository](https://github.com/aziontech/vulcan). Vulcan's an **open-source** project and you can propose new presets and implementations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can access a list of APIs resolved through polyfills by Vulcan build on [Vulcan's repository](https://github.com/aziontech/vulcan). Vulcan's an **open-source** project and you can propose new presets and implementations.
```
